USER'S GUIDE

Gymfolio is an application that helps you create, customize, and view
their workout plan each week. 

Your workout plan is saved locally
in the application files, and will not delete unless the application is deleted.

The following is a standard flow for creating a workout and viewing the 
current day's workout.


MAIN SCREEN

There are three buttons on the main screen

To begin a workout for the current day, press the first button.
To customize a workout for any day of the week, press the second button.
To exit the application (your information will be saved), press the third button.


SELECT DAY SCREEN

There are seven switch buttons on the screen.
Each corresponds to a single day that is able to be edited in the edit screen.
Per the instructions, select one of these and continue to the next screen
using the button in the bottom right.


EDIT WORKOUT SCREEN

There are two buttons on the screen here - the left (remove) and 
right (add) buttons.
These buttons are used to remove and add workouts to the current day.

Pressing the 'add' button will allow you to input a 'workout', or in this case, a
series of numbers and words that constitute a workout for the purposes of the
application.

Note that the workout entered must be in the correct format: i.e.,
		#sets,#reps,name,#weight
			   in the form
		number,number,word,number
with no spaces between the commas. An example input in this section would be
		  5,10,Bench Press,145
		  		  or
		   3,5,Deadlifts,250

Once 'save' is pressed, the given workout will be added to the screen. Add as many
as you like for the given day.

Workouts can also be removed from the list by pressing the 'remove' button.
In the 'remove' popup dialog, input the index number of the item you would like
to delete, for example, inputting "1" with no quotes removes the first element.

Once you are satisfied with the workout on this particular day, press the back
button on your device to return to the selection screen, or again to access the 
main screen if your weekly workout is complete.


MAIN SCREEN

Once back at the main screen, you can press the 'begin workout' button.

WORKOUT SCREEN

If you created a workout for the current weekday in the previous step, then your
workout plan should show up on the screen.

This workout will be saved, so you are able to go back into the customization
settings and repeat this process until your workout plan is exactly how you like it.